Add warning for outdated libs versions (#1280)
scalableminds/webknossos-libs: webknossos/Changelog.md

### Breaking Changes

### Added

> - Add a warning on import if a newer version of the wk-libs is available from PyPi. [#1280](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/pull/1280)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a warning on import if a newer version of the `webknossos` package is available from PyPI. [#1280](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/pull/1280)
```
